# Vaccine-Availability-System
People have been suffering from various contagious diseases since ancient times. With the advent of modern medical science and technology, vaccines were introduced to prevent fatality from such diseases. But due to the booming population in Bangladesh, the government has since been facing problems in dispersing the vaccines in an organized way so as to reach the maximum number of people. For lack of easy access and proper information, people are often deprived of the vaccines and hence are facing health risks. With such issues in mind, we have planned the Vaccine Availability System. The objective of this system is to help people get the necessary vaccines in an easy and organized manner. The system is a web application that the people can use with web browsers from any electronic device. Different hospitals will be able to register with the system. Once registered, they will be able to update their profiles in the system with information regarding their vaccines and take online booking for their appointments. People can then open user accounts in the system and book appointments for the vaccines they need from the registered hospitals in the system. They can book an appointment in their preferred time slot on any day from any hospital with just a few clicks. This is much easier than having to go to the hospitals or having to wait on busy phone lines. They will also have access to vaccine related information through the system. They can also get the contact information of health experts of different hospitals for health-related advice. Contact information of volunteers will also be available to help new users get accustomed to the system or answer any query regarding the system. This system will also help keep track of the number of vaccines available and the number of vaccines dispersed and to whom they are given. These statistical information can also help the government in making future decisions.
